FCE-1596: Docs restructure (#133)
fishjam-cloud/documentation: docs/index.mdx

import QuickNavigation from "@site/src/components/QuickNavigation";
import { items } from "@site/src/content/cardItems";

> # Welcome to Fishjam

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Welcome to Fishjam Docs
```

<p style={{ fontSize: "1.1rem" }}>

> Welcome to the Fishjam documentation!

Reviewer: This repeats the above line - title of the page. Instead I recommend to just say "Welcome to Fishjam docs" in the title
```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: I don't think that repeating this is bad, especially since the title is used also in the sidebar, where `Welcome to Fishjam` fits pretty nicely.
Specifying that this is the documentation a line below seems fine to me as well

> Fishjam is a multimedia streaming toolkit that allows you to build real-time
> video and audio streaming applications using WebRTC. We provide the
> infrastructure, media server, and client SDKs so you can focus on building
> your apps.

Reviewer: I would love 😍 to see here a tagline, that would indicate to the users what they get from this particular site, which is Fishjam docs, not the landing page. 
```suggestion
Learn how to create live video and audio streaming applications with Fishjam, the all-in-one WebRTC toolkit. 
```

  }}
>
  <div style={{ flex: 1}}>
    <p>
      Learning-oriented lessons that take you through a series of steps to
      complete a project. Most useful when you want to get started with Fishjam.
    </p>

  </div>
    <div style={{ flex: 1, display: "flex", justifyContent: "flex-end" }}>
      <ul style={{ listStyle: "none", textAlign: "right" }}>
      <li><a href="/tutorials/react-native-quick-start">React Native Quick Start</a></li>
      <li><a href="/tutorials/react-quick-start">React Quick Start</a></li>
      <li><a href="/tutorials/backend-quick-start">Backend Quick Start</a></li>
        <a href="/tutorials" style={{ fontSize: "1.1rem", fontWeight: "bold" }}>
          See all →
        </a>
    </ul>

  </div>
</div>

## How-to Guides

<div
  style={{
    display: "flex",
    justifyContent: "space-between",
    marginBottom: "2rem",
  }}
>
  <div style={{ flex: 1}}>
    <p>
      Practical step-by-step guides to help you achieve a specific goal. Most
      useful when you're trying to get something done.
    </p>

  </div>
    <div style={{ flex: 1, display: "flex", justifyContent: "flex-end" }}>
      <ul style={{ listStyle: "none", textAlign: "right" }}>

>       <li><a href="/how-to/react/installation">Installation and Setup</a></li>

Reviewer 2: **issue:** This points to the react docs, which is ok, but I think we should also have a setup link for react native here as well.
